timeboost: new "dontcare" sequence number feature (#2343)
OffchainLabs/arbitrum-docs: arbitrum-docs/how-arbitrum-works/timeboost/troubleshoot-timeboost.mdx

Express lane transactions are processed in the order of their `sequenceNumber`, which is a field in every express lane transaction. The `sequenceNumber` field is important because transactions with `sequenceNumber = n` can only be sequenced after all the transactions from `sequenceNumber = 0` to `sequenceNumber = n-1` have been sequenced. The first expected sequence number for a new round is zero and increments for each accepted transaction.

> There is a special "dontcare" sequence number (2^64 - 1) that can be used to indicate that you don't care about ordering of this express lane submission relative to others. Transactions with the "dontcare" sequence number will be sequenced right away without waiting for any other transactions. Note that normal nonce ordering within transactions for an account is still respected, so transactions from the same account will still be ordered by their nonce regardless of sequence number. The express lane controller can send ExpressLaneSubmissions with both "dontcare" and normal sequence numbers within the same round.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a special "dontcare" sequence number (2^64 - 1) that can be used to indicate that you don't care about ordering of this express lane submission relative to others. Transactions with the "dontcare" sequence number will be sequenced right away without waiting for any other transactions. Note that normal nonce ordering within transactions for an account is still respected, so transactions from the same account will still be ordered by their nonce regardless of sequence number. The express lane controller can send `ExpressLaneSubmissions` with both "dontcare" and normal sequence numbers within the same round.
```

## How response times work

The response for a transaction submission to the express lane is returned immediately once received by the sequencer. For example, if an express lane transaction is sent to the sequencer at `t=0ms` and it took 50ms to arrive at the sequencer (defined as `time_to_arrive`), then the expected response time is at `t=50ms`. Note that an accepted transaction is defined as an express lane transaction submission where the sequencer returns an empty result with an HTTP status of `200` and will always have their `sequenceNumber` consumed. You can read more about how to submit express lane transactions in: [How to submit transactions to the express lane](/how-arbitrum-works/timeboost/how-to-use-timeboost.mdx#how-to-submit-transactions-to-the-express-lane).

## Errors relating to the `sequenceNumber`

> When it comes to submitting express lane transactions, there are a few scenarios to consider. Note that if your use case doesn't require an ordering between ExpressLaneSubmissions beyond the usual per account nonce ordering, then you can use the "dontcare" sequence number described above.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When it comes to submitting express lane transactions, there are a few scenarios to consider. Note that if your use case doesn't require an ordering between `ExpressLaneSubmissions` beyond the usual per account nonce ordering, then you can use the "dontcare" sequence number described above.
```

### Scenario 1: You get an error response immediately

> In this scenario, an error response is immediately returned after you send an express lane transaction. In most cases the transaction's `sequenceNumber` will not be consumed if the error is Timeboost-related or if the transaction was invalid (eg nonce too low, malformed transaction). If the error contains "Error queuing expressLane transaction" you need to re-submit your transaction with the same sequence number after rectifying any errors, or submit a different transaction with that sequence number. See [Common Timeboost error responses](#common-error-responses) below for a full list of Timeboost-related error responses and how to interpret them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this scenario, an error response is immediately returned after you send an express lane transaction. In most cases the transaction's `sequenceNumber` will not be consumed if the error is Timeboost-related or if the transaction was invalid (e.g., nonce too low, malformed transaction). If the error contains "Error queuing expressLane transaction" you need to re-submit your transaction with the same sequence number after rectifying any errors, or submit a different transaction with that sequence number. See [Common Timeboost error responses](#common-error-responses) below for a full list of Timeboost-related error responses and how to interpret them.
```

#### Table 2: Errors relating to express lane transaction submission

> Note that if you get any of the errors below or errors related to invalidity of the transaction (eg nonce too low, malformed transaction), then the sequence number used in your express lane transaction was _not_ consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that if you get any of the errors below or errors related to invalidity of the transaction (e.g., nonce too low, malformed transaction), then the sequence number used in your express lane transaction was _not_ consumed.
```
